Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/date_and_time_formats/index.md

Elements that use such formats include certain forms of the {{HTMLElement("input")}} element that let the user choose or specify a date, time, or both, as well as the {{HTMLElement("ins")}} and {{HTMLElement("del")}} elements, whose {{htmlattrxref("datetime", "ins")}} attribute specifies the date or date and time at which the insertion or deletion of content occurred.

> For `<input>`, the values of {{htmlattrxref("type", "input")}} that return a [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#value) which contains a string representing a date and/or time are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `<input>`, the values of {{htmlattrxref("type", "input")}} that return a [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#value) which contains a string representing a date and/or time are:
```
